SignalTraders Telephone: 0207 193 6746
--------------------------------------
January 18 2010:

NEW! OmniSignals Trades service---Get access to powerful Buy/Sell signals every day! 

OmniSignals takes out the guesswork to great trades. Get clear Signals 
along with Stop Losses. 
 

All you have to do is decide whether to trade them or not!

For more info, go to:	http://www.signaltraders.com/omnisignals.html

-------------
September 3:

Gold & Silver made huge moves up yesterday. Most US miners closed up +10% on 3x
above average volume on the day. The huge volume means serious money entered yesterday.

Be aware that the US Employment numbers are out on Friday. Here is a statistic
worth noting: Gold was marked DOWN 61 of the last 62 Unemployment reports.

Therefore there is a good chance to BUY the miners and Gold on any markdown.

UK miners worth watching are:	RRS, POG, FRES
US Miners worth watching are:	AUY, ABX, GG, AEM, KGC, ABX, AU.
------------


----------------------------------------
The information provided in this message is for general guidance only and we cannot 
assume legal liability for any errors or omissions it might contain. The value of 
investments can go down as well as up and you may not get back the full amount you 
invested. The past is not necessarily a guide to future performance. The difference 
between the buy price and the sell price for smaller company shares can be significant.
Before investing, readers should seek professional advice from a Financial Services 
Authority authorised Stockbroker or Financial Adviser. Profits from dealing in shares 
may be liable to tax - the level of tax and bases of reliefs from Tax are subject to 
change. Changes in the rates of exchange may have an adverse effect on the value or 
price of an investment in sterling terms if it is denominated in a foreign currency.
Some of the shares recommended will be smaller company shares. 

By their nature such investments can be relatively illiquid and thus hard to trade. 
And that makes such investments more of a high risk than larger company shares. We 
define a smaller company share as any stock traded on AIM or Ofex or which has a market 
capitalisation of less than £300 million.